Update "First chaos experiment" (#9474)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/concepts/explore-architecture.md

### Agentless model
In the agentless model, the chaos experiments are run by the Harness Delegate. One Harness Delegate can run chaos experiments on multiple targets such as other Kubernetes clusters, cloud platform resources, VMware resources, as long as the network connectivity is available between the Delegate and the target. 

![Agentless Execution Plane](./static/architecture/agentless-model.png)

Harness Delegate can run chaos experiments on the following target types:
- Kubernetes clusters and the applications running on the Kubernetes. This includes the managed Kubernetes services like EKS, GKE and AKS.
- Cloud Platform resources like AWS ECS, AWS Lambda, GCP Cloud Run, Google Cloud Functions, Azure ACS and Azure functions. This includes cloud platform resources like load balancers too.
- VMware resources.

---

### Agent-based model 
In the agent model, a chaos agent has to be deployed on the target resource and then the chaos agent runs the chaos experiments on the local resources.

![Agent based Execution Plane](./static/architecture/agentbased-model.png)

> Agent model is preferred to run chaos experiments on the Linux or Windows hosts. However, they can be used to run chaos experiments on all types of resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent model is preferred to run chaos experiments on the Linux or Windows hosts. 
```

2. Guardrails around running chaos experiments. This is achieved through the [ChaosGuard](/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/governance/governance-in-execution/).

### Construct Chaos Experiments

> Chaos experiments are initially [constructed](/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/experiments/create-experiments) using an easy-to-use UI based builder called **Chaos Studio**. Chaos Studio helps in building complex chaos experiments with ease and also provides a great execution view. Chaos experiments will have chaos faults and resilience probes. Chaos fault templates are taken from the Enterprise ChaosHub and then tuned to the needs of the experiment. Resilience probes are constructed either from scratch or using the templates, tuned and then attached to a fault or an experiment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chaos experiments are initially [constructed](/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/experiments/create-experiments) using an easy-to-use UI based builder called **Chaos Studio**. Chaos Studio helps in building complex chaos experiments with ease and also provides a great execution view. Chaos experiments will have chaos faults and resilience probes. Chaos fault templates are taken from the Enterprise ChaosHub and then tuned to the needs of the experiment. Resilience probes are constructed in accordance with the validation needs and mapped to the desired faults. 
```
